add wCCD tutorial (#566)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/wCCD/wCCD-interacting.rst

.. _wCCD-interacting:

========================================
Interacting with the wCCD token protocol
========================================

.. note::

    Before you start with part 2 of this tutorial, make sure you have access to a testnet node,
    installed the ``concordium-client``, created an account in the mobile wallet app
    that is funded with some CCD, and imported the keys
    into the ``concordium-client`` configuration. If you haven't completed any of the above steps,
    the piggy bank tutorial :ref:`part 3 <piggy-bank-preparing>`
    will guide you through these setup steps.
    If you haven't completed any of the above steps, you can continue

>     with :ref:`part 3 <wCCD-front-end-set-up>` of this tutorial. However, we recommend completing every part of this tutorial.

Author: `completing every part of this tutorial in the given order.`

Non-state-mutative functions
----------------------------

> The protocol has four non-state-mutative functions (``balanceOf``, ``operatorOf``, ``tokenMetadata``, and ``supports``)

Author: Changed it alongside it :)

that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract or the ``implementation`` contract.

> The schema is embedded into the ``implementation`` contract while you will need to provide a schema file

Author: I added the note:

    We expect the reader to have some basic understanding of :ref:`schemas <contract-schema>`.

when invoking the non-state-mutative functions on the ``proxy`` contract. All used schema files in this tutorial can be `downloaded <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium.github.io/tree/main/source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/wCCD/schemas>`_
or you can create them as described in the
comments of the `upgradable wCCD smart contract <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-rust-smart-contracts/pull/128>`_.
Because you will use a ``schema`` (embedded or provided with an extra flag),
the input parameters can be provided with the ``--parameter-json`` flag.

.. note::

    While for testings it can be convenient to invoke these functions on the ``implementation`` contract,

>     you should always invoke them on the ``proxy`` contract in production.

Author: I applied it partly

    While testing, it can be convenient to invoke these functions on the ``implementation`` contract,
    but you should always invoke them on the ``proxy`` contract in production.

    When the protocol is upgraded, the ``implementation`` address becomes
    invalid, you would need to update your production product to the new ``implementation`` address.

.. _balanceCCD:

Getting the CCD balance of an address
=====================================

.. dropdown:: Checking the CCD balance of an account (click here)

    You can check the CCD balance of an account on `CCDScan <https://testnet.ccdscan.io/>`_.

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_1.png
        :width: 100 %

    You can check the CCD balance of an account with this command:

    .. code-block:: console

>         $./concordium-client account show ACCOUNT --grpc-port 10001

Author: About your second comment:
I don't know which option is better (some people might run the command from the PATH while others execute it with `./`). Looking at both tutorials, I would have to re-do all the screenshots :p .

>         $./concordium-client account show ACCOUNT --grpc-port 10001

Reviewer: Ok, let's keep both things then ;)

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_10.png
        :width: 100 %

.. dropdown:: Checking the CCD balance of a smart contract (click here)

    You can check the CCD balance of a smart contract with this command:

    .. code-block:: console

        $./concordium-client contract show INDEX --grpc-port 10001

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_3.png
        :width: 100 %

.. note::

    The smallest unit of CCD is 1 micro CCD and equals the 10\ :sup:`−6` (one millionth) of a CCD.
    CCD has 6 decimal places. 1 CCD is represented by the balance

>     value of 1,000,000 on the blockchain and is worth the equivalent of a balance value of 1,000,000 wCCD.

Author: I call it `micro CCD` because then I can equally call it `micro wCCD`.  `microwCCD` looks not that good.

>     value of 1,000,000 on the blockchain and is worth the equivalent of a balance value of 1,000,000 wCCD.

Reviewer: Ah, good idea ;)

    .. code-block:: json

        ["CIS-0","CIS-2"]

    .. note::

        You can find more information about the `CIS-0 standard <https://proposals.concordium.software/CIS/cis-0.html>`_
        and the `CIS-2 standard <https://proposals.concordium.software/CIS/cis-2.html>`_.

You are ready now to invoke the ``supports`` function with one of the following commands.

.. code-block:: console

    $./concordium-client contract invoke PROXY --entrypoint supports --schema supports_fallback_schema.bin --parameter-json supports.json --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

or

.. code-block:: console

    $./concordium-client contract invoke IMPLEMENTATION --entrypoint supports --parameter-json supports.json --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

The below screenshot shows the response of querying if the wCCD
token contract supports the following standards
``["12345","CIS-0","CIS-2"]``. Its response is that it does
not support the standard ``12345`` but it supports the ``CIS-0`` and the ``CIS-1`` standards.

.. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_9.png
    :width: 100 %

State-mutative functions
------------------------

The protocol has four state-mutative functions (``wrap``, ``unwrap``,

> ``transfer``, and ``updateOperator``) that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract.

Author: I also raised the issue already that `invoke` is used by Concordium in two different settings (that could be confusing for users) and added it to the FAQs (on-boarding guide for Ethereum developers):

`invoke` can be the simulation done by `concordium-client`
or
it could mean to update/call a function on-chain.

I used to use the wording to `call` a function on the smart contract but that got voted out because `calling` is done on Ethereum and not on Concordium. I have not a good alternative idea for another name but we use `invoke` at many places in the tutorials to refer to "calling a function" on-chain. I support that we should find a better term and only use `invoke` in one of the two settings ideally.

> ``transfer``, and ``updateOperator``) that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract.

Reviewer: Yea, I remember that you mentioned it. But now it is becoming even more of a problem 😅 Perhaps `concordium-client contract simulate` is the way to go.

> ``transfer``, and ``updateOperator``) that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract.

Reviewer: But let's keep `invoke` for now. As Ales correctly states, we invoke the entry point in both cases. The difference is whether we save the result.

These invokes will be passed through the fallback function on the ``proxy`` to the ``implementation`` contract.

> You require a different schema and JSON file with your input parameters for every invoke.

Author: see above comment: We need a clear convention what is the best naming `update`/`call`/`invoke` a function on a smart contract?

            "to": {
                "Account": [
                    ACCOUNT_ADDRESS
                ]
            }
        }

    The ``DATA_STRING`` is only relevant if wCCD is sent to a smart contract as described in option 2.
    You can use your account address if you want to credit the wCCD to your own account.
    If you insert your account address correctly, the JSON object should look similar to the below JSON object.

    .. code-block:: json

        {
            "data": "",
            "to": {
                "Account": [
                    "4phD1qaS3U1nLrzJcgYyiPq1k8aV1wAjTjYVPE3JaqovViXS4j"
                ]
            }
        }

.. dropdown::  Option 2 (Receiver is a smart contract) (click here)

    .. code-block::

        {
            "data": DATA_STRING,
            "to": {
                "Contract": [
                    {
                        "index": INDEX,
                        "subindex": SUBINDEX
                    },
                    ENTRYPOINT_NAME
                ]
            }
        }

    The ``DATA_STRING`` is relevant because wCCD is sent to a smart contract and it is a string of bytes (string with lowercase hex).

>     The ``OnReceivingCis2`` hook is executed in that case. This hook invokes the ``ENTRYPOINT_NAME``

Author: Rewrote/added the following:

Some additional bytes (encoded as a lowercase hex string called DATA_STRING) are used in the OnReceivingCis2 hook. This hook is executed only if the to address is a contract and the to address is not the invoker of the wrap function. The OnReceivingCis2 hook invokes the ENTRYPOINT_NAME on the smart contract INDEX with the OnReceivingCis2Params parameters which include the above DATA_STRING. This action allows the receiving smart contract to react to the credited wCCD amount. You can keep the data field empty if you don’t want to send any additional data to the receiving smart contract.

Note

In programming, a hook is an interface provided in packaged code that allows a programmer to insert customized programming code to either provide a different behavior or to react when something happens. The OnReceivingCis2 hook allows a smart contract developer to code a smart contract A that tabs into the transfer or wrap functions of the wCCD smart contract. Smart contract A can insert some custom logic/behavior if the transfer or wrap functions are invoked and would result in the smart contract A getting credited some wCCD.

The ENTRYPOINT_NAME is an attribute that is added above each function in the smart contract code as shown below using the example entrypoint name receiveToken.

#[receive(contract = "contractName", name = "receiveToken")]
fn contract_receive_Token<S: HasStateApi>( ... ) ... { ... }

>     The ``OnReceivingCis2`` hook is executed in that case. This hook invokes the ``ENTRYPOINT_NAME``

Reviewer: Nice addition! I think `tabs into` should be `taps into`.

    .. code-block:: json

        {
            "data": "",
            "to": {
                "Contract": [
                    {
                        "index": 844,
                        "subindex": 0
                    },
                    "receiveToken"
                ]
            }
        }

Before you execute the ``wrap`` function, let us check
the CCD balance of your ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` (the account that initiates the transaction) and the ``proxy`` contract as described :ref:`here <balanceCCD>`.
The ``wrap`` function will send some CCD from your ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` account to the ``proxy`` contract.

.. note::

    This tutorial is read by other people too and they might at the same
    time interact with the smart contracts and change their CCD or wCCD balances.

Before you execute the ``wrap`` function, let us check
the wCCD balance of the ``to`` address with the :ref:`balanceOf <balanceOf>` function.
The ``to`` address will receive some wCCD
because the ``wrap`` function will credit some wCCD to the ``to`` address.

You are ready now to wrap your CCD into wCCD with the following command.

.. code-block:: console

>     $./concordium-client contract update WCCD_PROXY --entrypoint wrap --schema wrap_fallback_schema.bin --parameter-json wrap.json --amount AMOUNT --sender SENDER_ACCOUNT --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

Author: The ``--energy`` flag specifies the maximum amount of NRG to be spent on the transaction
and can be used to set an upper limit of the transaction fee that you are
willing to spend when interacting with the blockchain.

The below screenshot shows the wrapping of 1 CCD (1,000,000 micro CCDs) into 1,000,000 wCCD.

.. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_2.png
    :width: 100 %

Confirm that the CCD balance of the ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` was decreased
by ``AMOUNT`` and that the CCD balance of the ``proxy`` contract was increased by ``AMOUNT``.

.. note::

    Keep in mind that the ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` also paid some CCD as transaction fees.
    The amount of transaction fees can be seen as shown in the above screenshot.

Confirm that the wCCD balance of the ``to`` address increased by ``AMOUNT``.

The ``unwrap`` function
=======================

Unwrapping CCD refers to the opposite process of converting the ``CIS-2``

> compliant wCCD token at a 1:1 ratio back to the native currency CCD by buring the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compliant wCCD token at a 1:1 ratio back to the native currency CCD by burning the
```

wCCD token in the wCCD smart contract and getting CCD in return.

.. dropdown:: Input parameters for the ``unwrap`` function (click here)

    Create an ``unwrap.json`` file and insert the below JSON object.

>     .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. code-block:: toml
```

The ``owner`` has to have at least a balance of ``AMOUNT`` in wCCD tokens
and the ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` has to be the ``owner`` address or be an ``operator`` of the ``owner`` address.
You are ready now to unwrap your wCCD into CCD with the following command.

.. code-block:: console

    $./concordium-client contract update WCCD_PROXY --entrypoint unwrap --schema unwrap_fallback_schema.bin --parameter-json unwrap.json --sender SENDER_ACCOUNT --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

The below screenshot shows the execution of the ``unwrap`` function.

.. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_11.png
    :width: 100 %

Confirm that the CCD balance of the ``receiver`` was increased
by ``AMOUNT`` (specified in the ``unwrap.json`` file) and that the CCD
balance of the ``proxy`` contract was decreased by ``AMOUNT``.

Confirm that the wCCD balance of the ``owner`` address decreased by ``AMOUNT`` specified in the ``unwrap.json`` file.

The ``transfer`` function
=========================

You can transfer the wCCD tokens from one address to another address.

.. dropdown:: Input parameters for the ``transfer`` function (click here)

    Create a ``transfer.json`` file and insert the below JSON object.

>     .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. code-block:: toml
```

    $./concordium-client contract update WCCD_PROXY --entrypoint transfer --schema transfer_fallback_schema.bin --parameter-json transfer.json --sender SENDER_ACCOUNT --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

The below screenshot shows the execution of the ``transfer`` function.

.. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_5.png
    :width: 100 %

Confirm that the wCCD balance of the ``to`` address was increased
by ``AMOUNT`` (specified in the ``transfer.json`` file) and that the wCCD
balance of the ``from`` address was decreased by ``AMOUNT``.

The ``updateOperator`` function
===============================

You can add one or more operator addresses to an address that you control.
These operators have access to your wCCD tokens
at that address and can transfer or unwrap them on your behalf.
You should only add operator addresses that you trust. The ``updateOperator`` function allows you
to add and remove operators.
For example, a smart contract address is often added as an operator so it can
access your tokens to perform some smart contract operations
without you having to interact with the smart contract again.

.. dropdown:: Input parameters for the ``updateOperator`` function (click here)

>     Create an ``updateOperator.json`` file and insert the below JSON object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Create an ``updateOperator.json`` file and insert the below JSON array.
```

>     .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. code-block:: toml
```

        [
            {
                "operator": {
                    "Enum": [
                        {
                            "Account": [
                                ACCOUNT_ADDRESS
                            ]
                        },
                        {
                            "Contract": [
                                {
                                    "index": INDEX,
                                    "subindex": SUBINDEX
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                },
                "update": {
                    "Enum": [
                        {
                            "Remove": []
                        },
                        {
                            "Add": []
                        }
                    ]
                }
            }
        ]

    .. note::

        You can add/remove several operator addresses in the above array.

>     If you insert everything correctly, the JSON object should look similar to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you insert everything correctly, the JSON should look similar to
```

Or 

```suggestion
    If you insert everything correctly, the JSON array should look similar to
```

.. _wCCD-interacting:

========================================
Interacting with the wCCD token protocol
========================================

.. note::

    Before you start with part 2 of this tutorial, make sure you have access to a testnet node,
    installed the ``concordium-client``, created an account in the mobile wallet app
    that is funded with some CCD, and imported the keys
    into the ``concordium-client`` configuration. If you haven't completed any of the above steps,
    the piggy bank tutorial :ref:`part 3 <piggy-bank-preparing>`
    will guide you through these setup steps.
    If you haven't completed any of the above steps, you can continue
    with :ref:`part 3 <wCCD-front-end-set-up>` of this tutorial also we recommend completing every part of this tutorial.

Non-state-mutative functions
----------------------------

The protocol has four non-state-mutative functions (``balanceOf``, ``operatorOf``, ``tokenMetadata``, and ``supports``)

> that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract or the ``implementation`` contract.

Author: I added this comment:
`
It is recommended to invoke the non-state-mutative functions on the ``proxy`` and not on the ``implementation`` in production. When the protocol is upgraded, the ``implementation`` address becomes invalid which means you would need to update your production product to the new ``implementation`` address.`

I feel for the tutorial, it will be easier for most people to invoke the functions on the implementation (because the schema is embedded) but for any production product, it should be recommended to use the proxy or have some mechanism (be aware) to update the product to the new implementation address.

> that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract or the ``implementation`` contract.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph is a bit unclear to me. Perhaps the following would work better
```
While for testing it can be convenient to invoke these functions on the ``implementation`` contract, you should always invoke them on the ``proxy`` contract in production. When the protocol is upgraded, the ``implementation`` address becomes invalid, you would need to update your production product to the new ``implementation`` address.
```

> that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract or the ``implementation`` contract.

Author: changed to above sentence

comments of the `upgradable wCCD smart contract <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-rust-smart-contracts/pull/128>`_.
Because you will use a ``schema`` (embedded or provided with an extra flag),
the input parameters can be provided with the ``--parameter-json`` flag.

**TODO: create all the schemas for the state-mutative/non-state-muatative functions from the last version of the protocol that will be deployed so minor changes are included. Currently, only the state-mutative schemas are added to this PR.**

.. _balanceCCD:

Getting the CCD balance of an address
=====================================

.. dropdown:: Checking the CCD balance of an account (click here)

    You can check the CCD balance of an account on `CCDScan <https://testnet.ccdscan.io/>`_.

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_1.png
        :width: 100 %

.. dropdown:: Checking the CCD balance of a smart contract (click here)

    You can check the CCD balance of a smart contract with this command:

    .. code-block:: console

        $./concordium-client contract show INDEX --grpc-port 10001

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_3.png
        :width: 100 %

.. note::

>     The smallest unit of CCD is 1 micro CCD and equals the 10^{−6} (one millionth) of a CCD.

Reviewer: `10^{−6}` is not displayed correctly in the rendered website (it is just shown as is).

    CCD has 6 decimal places. 1 CCD is represented by the balance

>     value of 1000000 on the blockchain and is worth the equivalent of a balance value of 1000000 wCCD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    value of 1,000,000 on the blockchain and is worth the equivalent of a balance value of 1,000,000 wCCD.
```

    .. code-block:: json

        [
            {
                "address": {
                    "Contract": [
                        {
                            "index": 844,
                            "subindex": 0
                        }
                    ]
                },
                "token_id":""
            }
        ]

    Execute the following command to get the wCCD balance as a return value.

    .. code-block:: console

        $./concordium-client contract invoke PROXY --entrypoint balanceOf --parameter-json balanceOf.json --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

    .. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_4.png
        :width: 100 %

**TODO: deploy the wCCD on testnet with the balanceOf_fallback_schema embedded into the smart contract proxy
because I think this is the most common invoke executed throuh the fallback function (advantage: users don't  have to provide an extra schema with
a flag when querying the wCCD balance through the fallback function)**

.. note::

    The smallest unit of CCD is 1 micro CCD and equals the 10^{−6} (one millionth) of a CCD.
    CCD has 6 decimal places. 1 CCD is represented by the balance

>     value of 1000000 on the blockchain and is worth the equivalent of a balance value of 1000000 wCCD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    value of 1,000,000 on the blockchain and is worth the equivalent of a balance value of 1,000,000 wCCD.
```

    .. code-block:: json

        [""]

    .. note::

        This empty string is required because of the CIS-2 token standard.
        The `tokenId` of the wCCD token is the smallest unit possible (an empty string).

You are ready now to invoke the ``tokenMetadata`` function with one of the following commands.

.. code-block:: console

    $./concordium-client contract invoke PROXY --entrypoint tokenMetadata --schema tokenMetadata_fallback_schema.bin --parameter-json tokenMetadata.json --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

or

.. code-block:: console

    $./concordium-client contract invoke IMPLEMENTATION --entrypoint tokenMetadata --parameter-json tokenMetadata.json --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

.. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_8.png
    :width: 100 %

The ``supports`` function
=========================

.. dropdown:: Input parameters for the ``supports`` function (click here)

    Create a ``supports.json`` file and insert the following example JSON object. It will query if
    the two token standards (``CIS-0`` and ``CIS-2``) are supported by the wCCD token.

    .. code-block:: json

        ["CIS-0","CIS-2"]

    .. note::

>         You can find more information about the `CIS-0 standard here <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-update-proposals/blob/main/source/CIS/cis-0.rst>`_.
>         You can find more information about the `CIS-2 standard here <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-update-proposals/blob/main/source/CIS/cis-2.rst>`_.

Reviewer: We have rendered versions at proposals.concordium.software 😊 

```suggestion
        You can find more information about the `CIS-0 standard here <https://proposals.concordium.software/CIS/cis-0.html>`_.
        You can find more information about the `CIS-2 standard here <https://proposals.concordium.software/CIS/cis-2.html>`_.
```

                "Account": [
                    ACCOUNT_ADDRESS
                ]
            }
        }

    The ``data`` field is only relevant if wCCD is sent to a smart contract as described in option 2.
    You can use your account address if you want to credit the wCCD to your own account.
    If you insert your account address correctly, the JSON object should look similar to the below JSON object.

    .. code-block:: json

        {
            "data": "",
            "to": {
                "Account": [
                    "4phD1qaS3U1nLrzJcgYyiPq1k8aV1wAjTjYVPE3JaqovViXS4j"
                ]
            }
        }

.. dropdown::  Option 2 (Receiver is a smart contract) (click here)

    .. code-block::

        {
            "data": "",
            "to": {
                "Contract": [
                    {
                        "index": INDEX,
                        "subindex": SUBINDEX
                    },
                    ENTRYPOINT_NAME
                ]
            }
        }

    The ``data`` field is relevant because wCCD is sent to a smart contract.
    The ``OnReceivingCis2`` hook is executed in that case. This hook invokes the ``ENTRYPOINT_NAME``

>     on the smart contract ``INDEX`` with the ``OnReceivingCis2Params`` parameters

Reviewer: I think we should mention that the data field is a list of bytes.

Author: I wrote the following:
The ``DATA_STRING`` is relevant because wCCD is sent to a smart contract and it is a string of bytes (string with lowercase hex).

                        "subindex": 0
                    },
                    "receiveToken"
                ]
            }
        }

Before you execute the ``wrap`` function, let us check
the CCD balance of your ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` (the account that initiates the transaction) and the ``proxy`` contract as described :ref:`here <balanceCCD>`.
The ``wrap`` function will send some CCD from your ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` account to the ``proxy`` contract.

.. note::

    This tutorial is read by other people too and they might at the same
    time interact with the smart contracts and change their CCD or wCCD balances.

Before you execute the ``wrap`` function, let us check
the wCCD balance of the ``to`` address with the :ref:`balanceOf <balanceOf>` function.
The ``to`` address will receive some wCCD
because the ``wrap`` function will credit some wCCD to the ``to`` address.

You are ready now to wrap your CCD into wCCD with the following command.

.. code-block:: console

    $./concordium-client contract update WCCD_PROXY --entrypoint wrap --schema wrap_fallback_schema.bin --parameter-json wrap.json --amount AMOUNT --sender SENDER_ACCOUNT --energy 25000 --grpc-port 10001

> The below screenshot shows the wrapping of 1 CCD (1000000 micro CCDs) into 1000000 wCCD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below screenshot shows the wrapping of 1 CCD (1,000,000 micro CCDs) into 1,000,000 wCCD.
```

.. _wCCD-interacting:

========================================
Interacting with the wCCD token protocol
========================================

.. note::

>     Before you start with part 2 of this tutorial, make sure you have access to a testnet node,

Reviewer 3: I would do this as a bullet list:

    Before you start with part 2 of this tutorial, make sure you have:
- access to a testnet node
- the ``concordium-client`` installed
- an account created in the mobile wallet app that is funded with some CCD
- the keys from the Mobile Wallet imported into the ``concordium-client`` configuration
    If you haven't completed any of the above steps, :ref:`part 3 <piggy-bank-preparing>` of the piggy bank tutorial 
    will guide you through these setup steps. If you haven't completed any of the above steps, you can continue
    with :ref:`part 3 <wCCD-front-end-set-up>` of this tutorial. However, we recommend completing every part of this tutorial in the given order.

    installed the ``concordium-client``, created an account in the mobile wallet app
    that is funded with some CCD, and imported the keys
    into the ``concordium-client`` configuration. If you haven't completed any of the above steps,
    the piggy bank tutorial :ref:`part 3 <piggy-bank-preparing>`
    will guide you through these setup steps.
    If you haven't completed any of the above steps, you can continue
    with :ref:`part 3 <wCCD-front-end-set-up>` of this tutorial. However, we recommend
    completing every part of this tutorial in the given order.

Query (non-state-mutative) functions
------------------------------------

The protocol has four query functions (``balanceOf``, ``operatorOf``, ``tokenMetadata``, and ``supports``)
that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract or the ``implementation`` contract.

.. note::

    While testing, it can be convenient to invoke these functions on the ``implementation`` contract,
    but you should always invoke them on the ``proxy`` contract in production.
    When the protocol is upgraded, the ``implementation`` address becomes

>     invalid, you would need to update your production product to the new ``implementation`` address.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    invalid; you would need to update your production product to the new ``implementation`` address.
```

    .. note::

        You can find more information about the `CIS-0 standard <https://proposals.concordium.software/CIS/cis-0.html>`_
        and the `CIS-2 standard <https://proposals.concordium.software/CIS/cis-2.html>`_.

You are ready now to invoke the ``supports`` function with one of the following commands.

.. code-block:: console

    $./concordium-client contract invoke PROXY --entrypoint supports --schema supports_fallback_schema.bin --parameter-json supports.json --grpc-port 10001

or

.. code-block:: console

    $./concordium-client contract invoke IMPLEMENTATION --entrypoint supports --parameter-json supports.json --grpc-port 10001

The below screenshot shows the response of querying if the wCCD
token contract supports the following standards
``["12345","CIS-0","CIS-2"]``. Its response is that it does
not support the standard ``12345`` but it supports the ``CIS-0`` and the ``CIS-1`` standards.

.. image:: ./images/wCCD_tutorial_9.png
    :width: 100 %

State-mutative functions
------------------------

The protocol has four state-mutative functions (``wrap``, ``unwrap``,
``transfer``, and ``updateOperator``) that you can invoke on the ``proxy`` contract.

> These invokes will be passed through the fallback function on the ``proxy`` to the ``implementation`` contract.

Reviewer: The `fallback function` has not been explained at this point.

Perhaps we could do something like this to de-emphasize the need to understand fallbacks, but still allow the user to find the info.

```suggestion
These invokes will be passed through the ``proxy`` to the ``implementation`` contract (via the `fallback entrypoint <...>`_).
```

Author: These invokes will be passed through the ``proxy`` to the ``implementation`` contract (via the `fallback entrypoint <https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-rust-smart-contracts/blob/main/examples/proxy/src/lib.rs#L48>`_).

        The ``ENTRYPOINT_NAME`` is an attribute that is added above each function
        in the smart contract code as shown below using the example entrypoint name ``receiveToken``.

        .. code-block:: rust

            #[receive(contract = "contractName", name = "receiveToken")]
            fn contract_receive_Token<S: HasStateApi>( ... ) ... { ... }

    You can use the smart contract deployed at index 844 on testnet and
    its function entry point name ``receiveToken`` for testing.

    .. code-block:: json

        {
            "data": "",
            "to": {
                "Contract": [
                    {
                        "index": 844,
                        "subindex": 0
                    },
                    "receiveToken"
                ]
            }
        }

Before you execute the ``wrap`` function, let us check
the CCD balance of your ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` (the account that initiates the transaction) and the ``proxy`` contract as described :ref:`here <balanceCCD>`.
The ``wrap`` function will send some CCD from your ``SENDER_ACCOUNT`` account to the ``proxy`` contract.

.. note::

>     This tutorial is read by other people too and they might at the same

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    This tutorial is also used by other people and they might at the same
```

    time interact with the smart contracts and change their CCD or wCCD balances.

> Before you execute the ``wrap`` function, let us check

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you execute the ``wrap`` function, check
```

            "receiver": {
                "Enum": [
                    {
                        "Account": [
                            ACCOUNT_ADDRESS
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "Contract": [
                            {
                                "index": INDEX,
                                "subindex": SUBINDEX
                            },
                            ENTRYPOINT_NAME
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        }

    If you insert everything correctly, the JSON object should look similar to
    the below JSON object that will unwrap 1,000,000 micro wCDD from an account
    and send the received CCDs back to the same account.

    .. code-block:: json

        {
            "amount": "1000000",
            "data": "",
            "owner": {
                "Account": [
                    "4phD1qaS3U1nLrzJcgYyiPq1k8aV1wAjTjYVPE3JaqovViXS4j"
                ]
            },
            "receiver": {
                "Account": [
                    "4phD1qaS3U1nLrzJcgYyiPq1k8aV1wAjTjYVPE3JaqovViXS4j"
                ]
            }
        }

> Before you execute the ``unwrap`` function, let us check

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you execute the ``unwrap`` function, check
```

the CCD balance of the ``receiver`` address and the ``proxy`` contract as described :ref:`here <balanceCCD>`.
The ``unwrap`` function will send some CCD from the ``proxy`` contract to the ``receiver`` address.

> Before you execute the ``unwrap`` function, let us check

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you execute the ``unwrap`` function, check
```

                                {
                                    "index": INDEX,
                                    "subindex": SUBINDEX
                                },
                                ENTRYPOINT_NAME
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                },
                "token_id": TOKEN_ID
            }
        ]

    .. note::

        You can execute several transfers in the above array.

    If you insert everything correctly, the JSON array should look similar to
    the below JSON array that will transfer 1 micro wCCD from an account address to another account address.

    .. code-block:: json

        [
            {
                "amount": "1",
                "data": "",
                "from": {
                    "Account": [
                        "4phD1qaS3U1nLrzJcgYyiPq1k8aV1wAjTjYVPE3JaqovViXS4j"
                    ]
                },
                "to": {
                    "Account": [
                        "4DH219BXocxeVByKpZAGKNAJx7s2w1HFpwaNu1Ljd1mXFXig22"
                    ]
                },
                "token_id": ""
            }
        ]

> Before you execute the ``transfer`` function, let us check

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you execute the ``transfer`` function, check
```

                                    "index": INDEX,
                                    "subindex": SUBINDEX
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    ]
                },
                "update": {
                    "Enum": [
                        {
                            "Remove": []
                        },
                        {
                            "Add": []
                        }
                    ]
                }
            }
        ]

    .. note::

        You can add/remove several operator addresses in the above array.

    If you insert everything correctly, the JSON array should look similar to
    the below JSON array that will add the account address 4DH219B... as
    an operator to the ``SENDER_ACCOUNT``.

    .. code-block:: json

        [
            {
                "operator": {
                    "Account": [
                        "4DH219BXocxeVByKpZAGKNAJx7s2w1HFpwaNu1Ljd1mXFXig22"
                    ]
                },
                "update":
                {
                    "Add": []
                }
            }
        ]

> Before you execute the ``updateOperator`` function, let us check

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you execute the ``updateOperator`` function, check
```
